# Copyright 2022 jack (@waffle87)
# SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-2.0-or-later

:theri        -> their
:thier        -> their
:abot         -> about
owudl         -> would
:woul:        -> would
poeple        -> people
poeople       -> people
:whic:        -> which
coudl         -> could
htink         -> think
otehr         -> other
:othe:        -> other
becase        -> because
:bease        -> because
beacuse       -> because
theese        -> these
:goign        -> going
:gonig        -> going
:goin:        -> going
:yaers        -> years
:yeasr        -> years
:yeras        -> years
shoud         -> should
raelly        -> really
realy         -> really
relaly        -> really
bedore        -> before
beore         -> before
befoer        -> before
littel        -> little
litle         -> little
bieng         -> being
:hwile        -> while
:aound        -> around
aroud         -> around
arund         -> around
:hting        -> thing
thign         -> thing
thigsn        -> things
thnigs        -> things
anohter       -> another
naother       -> another
betwen        -> between
beteen        -> between
beween        -> between
bewteen       -> between
:eveyr        -> every
:evry         -> every
:graet        -> great
:grat:        -> great
:agian        -> again
:agin         -> again
alwasy        -> always
alwyas        -> always
:acheiv       -> achieve
:achive       -> achieve
amlost        -> almost
almot         -> almost
almsot        -> almost
alomst        -> almost
chnage        -> change
chekc         -> check
childen       -> children
chldren       -> children
claer         -> clear
compnay       -> company
contian       -> contain
elasped       -> elapsed
eslaped       -> elapsed
feild         -> field
fiedl         -> field
fitler        -> filter
firts         -> first
follwo        -> follow
folow         -> follow
:foudn        -> found
:founf        -> found
frequecy      -> frequency
firend        -> friend
freind        -> friend
heigth        -> height
iamge         -> image
inital        -> initial
intput        -> input
laguage       -> language
lenght        -> length
levle         -> level
libary        -> library
:moeny        -> money
mysefl        -> myself
ouptut        -> output
ouput         -> output
probaly       -> probably
probelm       -> problem
recrod        -> record
reponse       -> response
reprot        -> report
singel        -> single
stregth       -> strength
strengh       -> strength
tkaes         -> takes
therfore      -> therefore
todya         -> today
toghether     -> together
unkown        -> unknown
unqiue        -> unique
widht         -> width
accross       -> across
adviced       -> advised
aledge        -> allege
alledge       -> allege
amature       -> amateur
anomolous     -> anomalous
anomoly       -> anomaly
aparent       -> apparent
aparrent      -> apparent
apparant      -> apparent
apparrent     -> apparent
asthetic      -> aesthetic
auxilary      -> auxiliary
auxillary     -> auxiliary
auxilliary    -> auxiliary
bankrupcy     -> bankruptcy
busness       -> business
bussiness     -> business
calander      -> calendar
commitee      -> committee
comittee      -> committee
competance    -> competence
competant     -> competent
concensus     -> consensus
copywrite:    -> copyright
choosen       -> chosen
collegue      -> colleague
excercise     -> exercise
:grammer      -> grammar
:guage        -> gauge
govement      -> government
govenment     -> government
goverment     -> government
governmnet    -> government
govorment     -> government
govornment    -> government
guaratee      -> guarantee
garantee      -> guarantee
gaurantee     -> guarantee
heirarchy     -> hierarchy
hygeine       -> hygiene
hypocracy     -> hypocrisy
hypocrasy     -> hypocrisy
hypocricy     -> hypocrisy
hypocrit:     -> hypocrite
looses:       -> loses
maintence     -> maintenance
morgage       -> mortgage
neccesary     -> necessary
necesary      -> necessary
pallete       -> palette
paralel       -> parallel
parralel      -> parallel
parrallel     -> parallel
priviledge    -> privilege
probablly     -> probably
prominant     -> prominent
propogate     -> propagate
proove        -> prove
psuedo        -> pseudo
reciept       -> receipt
receiev       -> receiv
reciev        -> receiv
recepient     -> recipient
recipiant     -> recipient
relevent      -> relevant
repitition    -> repetition
safty         -> safety
saftey        -> safety
seperat       -> separat
spectogram    -> spectrogram
symetric      -> symmetric
tolerence     -> tolerance
cacheing      -> caching
complier      -> compiler
doulbe        -> double
dyanmic       -> dynamic
excecut       -> execute
failse        -> false
fales         -> false
fasle         -> false
flase         -> false
indeces       -> indices
indecies      -> indices
indicies      -> indices
interator     -> iterator
looup         -> lookup
namesapce     -> namespace
namespcae     -> namespace
nulltpr       -> nullptr
operaotr      -> operator
overide       -> override
ovveride      -> override
poitner       -> pointer
:rference     -> reference
referece      -> reference
singed        -> signed
stirng        -> string
strign        -> string
swithc        -> switch
swtich        -> switch
teamplate     -> template
tempalte      -> template
:ture         -> true
retrun        -> return
retun         -> return
reutrn        -> return
cosnt         -> const
virutal       -> virtual
vitual        -> virtual
yeild         -> yield
:alot:        -> a lot
:andteh       -> and the
:andthe       -> and the
:asthe        -> as the
:atthe        -> at the
abouta        -> about a
aboutit       -> about it
aboutthe      -> about the
:tothe        -> to the
didnot        -> did not
fromthe       -> from the
:agred        -> agreed
:ajust        -> adjust
:anual        -> annual
:asign        -> assign
:aslo:        -> also
:casue        -> cause
:choses       -> chooses
:gaurd        -> guard
:haev         -> have
:hapen        -> happen
:idaes        -> ideas
:jsut:        -> just
:jstu:        -> just
:knwo         -> know
:konw         -> know
:kwno         -> know
:ocuntry      -> country
:ocur         -> occur
:socre        -> score
:szie         -> size
:the:the:     -> the
:turth        -> truth
:uesd:        -> used
:usally       -> usually
abilties      -> abilities
abilty        -> ability
abvove        -> above
accesories    -> accessories
accomodate    -> accommodate
acommodate    -> accommodate
acomplish     -> accomplish
actualy       -> actually
acurate       -> accurate
acutally      -> actually
addtion       -> addition
againnst      -> against
aganist       -> against
aggreed       -> agreed
agianst       -> against
ahppn         -> happen
allign        -> align
anytying      -> anything
aquire        -> acquire
availabe      -> available
availaible    -> available
availalbe     -> available
availble      -> available
availiable    -> available
avalable      -> available
avaliable     -> available
avilable      -> available
bandwith      -> bandwidth
begginer      -> beginner
beleif        -> belief
beleive       -> believe
belive        -> believe
breif         -> brief
burried       -> buried
caluclate     -> calculate
caluculate    -> calculate
calulate      -> calculate
catagory      -> category
cauhgt        -> caught
ceratin       -> certain
certian       -> certain
cheif         -> chief
cieling       -> ceiling
circut        -> circuit
clasic        -> classic
cmoputer      -> computer
coform        -> conform
comming:      -> coming
considerd     -> considered
dervied       -> derived
desicion      -> decision
diferent      -> different
diferrent     -> different
differnt      -> different
diffrent      -> different
divison       -> division
effecient     -> efficient
eligable      -> eligible
elpased       -> elapsed
embarass      -> embarrass
embeded       -> embedded
encypt        -> encrypt
finaly        -> finally
foriegn       -> foreign
foward        -> forward
fraciton      -> fraction
fucntion      -> function
fufill        -> fulfill
fullfill      -> fulfill
futher        -> further
ganerate      -> generate
generaly      -> generally
greatful      -> grateful
heigher       -> higher
higest        -> highest
howver        -> however
hydogen       -> hydrogen
importamt     -> important
inclued       -> include
insted        -> instead
intrest       -> interest
invliad       -> invalid
largst        -> largest
learnign      -> learning
liasion       -> liaison
likly         -> likely
lisense       -> license
listner       -> listener
macthing      -> matching
manefist      -> manifest
mesage        -> message
naturual      -> natural
occassion     -> occasion
occured       -> occurred
particualr    -> particular
paticular     -> particular
peice         -> piece
perhasp       -> perhaps
perhpas       -> perhaps
perphas       -> perhaps
persue        -> pursue
posess        -> possess
postion       -> position
preiod        -> period
primarly      -> primarily
privte        -> private
proccess      -> process
proeprty      -> property
propery       -> property
realtion      -> relation
reasearch     -> research
recuring      -> recurring
refered       -> referred
regluar       -> regular
releated      -> related
resutl        -> result
reuslt        -> result
reveiw        -> review
satisifed     -> satisfied
scheduel      -> schedule
sequnce       -> sequence
similiar      -> similar
simmilar      -> similar
slighly       -> slightly
somehwat      -> somewhat
statment      -> statement
sucess        -> success
succsess      -> success
sugest        -> suggest
sumary        -> summary
supress       -> suppress
surpress      -> suppress
thresold      -> threshold
tongiht       -> tonight
tranpose      -> transpose
typcial       -> typical
udpate        -> update
ususally      -> usually
verticies     -> vertices
whereever     -> wherever
wherre        -> where
wierd         -> weird
